(Episode 3)
Take your hands off me. I'm warning you.
Jerk.
- What? - What?
You're a jerk because you put your hands on my face.
It's way too harsh to call me a jerk though.
What are you looking at?
Is it your first time seeing a drunk girl who just got dumped?
"Jerk"?
Oh, I remember you.
Don't you remember me?
I told you not to mess with me.
No. I'm serious.
We've seen each other before.
Girls' no does not mean yes.
When girls say no, it means no. When girls say yes, it means yes.
I don't pretend like I'm innocent.
I never pretend to be naive around men.
I hate lying or playing innocent.
If you introduce me to someone different,
I might consider dating her.
You mean like a rude girl?
No, she needs four qualities.
She must not pretend, put on an innocent face, lie.
"Don't you remember me?"
Do girls still fall for that old pickup line these days?
Too bad.
I'm not interested in you.
She's not predictable either.
She has the soul that I can fall in love with.
I cannot believe that...
such woman exists.
What kind of symptoms do couples have...
who just started falling in love with each other?
When people are in love,
the neurons in their brains release something called dopamine.
Dopamine?
Dopamine creates...
feelings of happiness and joy.
It's like an addiction.
Love addiction?
People say the world looks better when they're in love.
That's what dopamine does.
When people are in love, they think they can do anything.
Motivations and dedications.
- I love you. - Love and peace.
- I love you. - They think they can do anything.
The feelings that make people confident to do anything.
- That feelings. - All the best for you guys.
Bye!
But...
it's all useless.
Dopamine doesn't last long.
It will last for three months the longest.
By the way,
it seems like you're forgetting something important.
What is it?
Is Ye Ri also interested in you?
I'm not interested in you.
Gosh.
What's that look on your face?
You told her about your feelings.
And you got dumped.
And I'm correct.
(Kim Joo Seung)
Hey, Eun Ho.
You're coming with me to the meeting in Jeongdongjin this weekend, right?
I'm busy this weekend.
- You said you were free. - No.
I have to study this weekend.
Do you?
What are you doing this weekend, Ye Ri?
I usually go to the library on weekends.
If you need an assistant, I can go with you.
Hey, you.
Don't you think you should study this weekend?
It's your third time to take SAT. You have to study harder.
I also think you should study harder.
I hope to see you as a freshman next year.
Okay. I will try.
Ye Ri, describe your ideal man, not me.
I was thinking of introducing a guy to you.
I don't really have one.
I don't like to date people at work.
Oh, right. I see.
Since it's my third time retaking the SAT exam,
I'm not interested in dating guys at the moment.
It's a waste of time as I have to study hard for my third SAT exam.
I have to spend every second of my time on studying...
to get into Eunha University.
My goal is to take your class without feeling guilty.
Good.
- Let's get back to work. - All right.
Gosh. It's so annoying.
(Serial Bath Murders)
(Autopsy)
(Serial Bath Murder of Lee Sun Mi)
(Death Certificate)
She was murdered at Chereville.
("Literary Double Personality")
("Doctor Jekyll and Mr. Hyde")
(Contradictory duplicity, False desires and pleasures)
(To live as Mr. Hyde or to die as Mr. Hyde...)
(Split personality, Expiate a crime with death)
- What's the reason? - Reason for what?
Why are you pushing me away?
Is it because I bothered you and Byung Cheol?
I'm sorry.
I now believe what you told me. You have nothing to do with him.
I can find out what you're thinking and I can make you to like me.
Even though I can find out everything,
I won't do that.
It won't be real if I win your heart that way.
Move. Stop bothering me.
- Is it your ex-boyfriend? - No.
Then why are you pushing me away?
I'm not interested in dating guys.
How can you not be interested?
Everybody is interested in dating.
It's not so easy...
for some people.
I want it to end.
"I did it because I was in love."
("Stalking")
Every stalker says the same thing.
"I love you."
"I loved you."
"I did it because I was in love."
Those are the stalkers' motivation and excuses.
What are the irrational and anti-social behaviors...
that people do when they are in love?
They...
commit suicide.
Raise your hands if you've ever thought of committing suicide.
- Suicide. - Anyone?
I want it to end.
No way.
It's been three years already.
Hello.
I'm sorry that you had to come all the way here.
I had...
a floral design class.
- Do you even take such class? - Yes.
I feel better when I look at flowers.
The world seems beautiful when I see the flowers.
Right.
My ex-girlfriend lived...
at flat 301, Chereville.
On that day...
Just before I got mugged,
I saw the guy who lived in flat 302.
Do you remember his face?
I...
don't remember since it's been so long ago.
I'll report that for now, and you'll be asked to come.
Then you have to tell them everything that you remember.
Okay.
- Sir. - Yes?
Don't you think that the guy who mugged me...
is the serial killer?
I could feel that he followed me on purpose.
What if he attacked me...
because I saw his face?
That's possible.
If what you're saying is true,
then you're in trouble.
What do you mean?
If he finds out that you're still alive...
And?
- You've got a message. - Gosh.
Sir. I need to check my message.
(Lee Yoo Sik)
Byung Cheol is taking time off from school.
He's taking time off from school?
I should throw these away.
I should end this.
Do you like it?
A French friend of mine recommended me this wine. Do you like it?
It's good. C'est bien.
Is it good?
It's wonderful.
Did you know that...
octopus are very smart?
Octopus is a little less smart than chimpanzees and dolphins.
- Really? - Didn't you know it?
I will tell you then.
Look. Let's say there are three octopuses.
1, 2, 3 octopuses.
Let's say this is a clam. They play soccer with this clam.
They pass the clam to each other.
Like this.
When animals know how to play, it means they are smart.
That's not all.
Let's say they were catching a shrimp.
Hold this shrimp.
Let's say you are the shrimp.
And I'm the octopus.
Watch me. You're the shrimp, and I'm the octopus.
The octopus uses its leg to lure the shrimp.
Like this. See? You're already looking at my leg.
Then the octopus uses its other legs to catch the shrimp...
like this.
She left her work in mid-20s and travelled around the world.
That means she has a strong sense of identity.
She cares more about her feelings than what other people think.
That means...
she might get attracted to a guy...
who is intelligent and funny.
Did you know...
that the aliens were inspired by the shrimps?
Gosh. Really?
- I was only joking. - I know.
Sorry. I hit you so hard.
Where are you going?
Kyung Ae, where are you going?
Gosh.
I was flirting with you the whole time.
But you kept talking about the octopuses.
You said you are a profiler,
but you don't know what girls think.
I'm slow-witted.
Hello.
There's no one.
- Do you want to taste the octopus? - Yes.
This is too big.
- It's okay. - Open your mouth.
You like this?
- You have sauce on your face. - Do I?
Kyung Ae, suck my blood later.
Gosh.
Wait.
- Hey, wait. - Why?
There is an ethnic group called Moso in China.
We can talk about them later.
Kyung Ae, I meant...
Guys from Moso...
never put their women under them.
Matriarch.
Matriarch...
Kyung Ae.
I should lead you like a man. Well, I don't mind this at all.
Gosh.
Why is she not answering her phone?
- It's me. - Who is this?
Didn't you save my number?
Never mind.
- Where are you? Let's meet up. - I'm on my way to the meeting.
What? Why are you going there?
Never mind. When are you coming back?
- I'm not coming back. - You are not coming back?
Put Mr. Kim on the phone.
Hello? Hello?
The person you're calling is unavailable right now. Please...
Hold on. Where is the meeting being held?
Right. It's held in Jeongdongjin.
Let me borrow this.
What's wrong?
What are you searching?
Do you know a place...
where there are wooden stairs to an observatory.
There is a human-like statue.
There is an ocean too. It's a nice place to think of your old partners.
(Jeongdongjin Sunrise Park)
(A cliff in Jeongdongjin Sunrise Park)
Somewhere like this?
Yes. This is it.
Where is this place?
It's an important place...
("Two-faced Couple")
that my favorite writer, Sarangbagi, mentions in his book.
The main characters in this book promise each other to go there.
So where is this place?
It's a cliff in Sunrise Park, Jeongdongjin.
What?
Hold on. Let's calm down and think carefully.
This is just a coincidence.
She's with Joo Seung. Nothing will happen.
Hey. Why are you here?
This is my house. What more reason do I need?
I thought you were going to the meeting in Jeongdongjin.
Something has suddenly come up. I couldn't make it today.
They only needed my documents. I asked Ye Ri to take them.
Why did you ask her to do it?
Because she told me she needs to go to Jeongdongjin anyway.
I don't know why I have to explain all this to you.
I knew it.
He's crazy.
He's crazy. You should stop liking him.
No way.
Taxi! Taxi!
Taxi. Taxi.
(Han Ye Ri)
The person you're calling is unavailable right now.
Please leave a message after the beep.
(Buses to Jeongdongjin)
(A Train to Jeongdongjin)
("A Train to Jeongdongjin Was Derailed. Operation Stopped.")
Think.
Hello. Are you going somewhere?
What is she thinking?
No. She shouldn't do something stupid.
(Jeongdongjin)
Hey.
Let's take a photo together.
I don't like getting photographed.
- Do I look good in the photos? - Yes.
I love the smell of the ocean.
Let's come here again next year.
Sure. Let's do that.
I will be a university student by then.
And you will be a famous writer after winning in a contest.
You should not leave me when you become famous.
- Ye Ri. - Yes?
Can you be on my side...
no matter what?
Of course.
I will always be on your side.
We will be together until the end, right?
Of course. I will always be next to you.
Just like how you are next to me.
I'm happy.
Good bye.
(Sun Ho loves Ye Ri.)
Ye Ri. No.
Ye Ri, don't do it.
Eun Ho?
- Why is he here? - Ye Ri.
No, Ye Ri.
Ye Ri. No.
Ye Ri, don't do it.
Eun Ho?
- Why is he here? - Ye Ri.
No, Ye Ri.
[VIU Ver] E03 Meloholic "Will You Be My Girlfriend?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Don't kill yourself. I don't want you to die.
- What? - Is love more important?
How could you think of killing yourself?
Let go of me first.
I won't let go. Never.
Do you think he will care if you do this?
It's your loss if you kill yourself.
You should meet someone better than him and live happily.
That's how you can take a revenge on him.
- Wait. - I don't know what to do...
if you kill yourself.
Who on earth is dying?
You.
Me?
Why would I die?
What?
Are you not committing suicide?
Do you need this?
Gosh. I'm embarrassed.
(Eunha University)
Do you want to see something funny?
(Photos of Eun Ho in 2014)
- What is this, Mr. Kim? - Open the file.
(Yoo Eun Ho Loves Seol Ah.)
Don't kill yourself. I don't want you to die.
You should meet someone better than him...
and live happily.
That's how you can take a revenge on him.
Gosh. You're so nosy.
And you're always ready to put into an action.
Why did you follow me all the way here?
I thought you were going to kill yourself.
You're imaginative too.
Don't laugh at me.
You're so funny.
You look so pretty when you laugh.
- You have something in your hair. - What is it?
Ye Ri.
I was right. You're Ye Ri.
I saw you from afar. I wondered if you're Ye Ri or not.
Grade 11 at Jeongdong High School. Good to see you again.
Jeongdong High School?
You went to a high school here?
That's...
We were right. She's Ye Ri.
Amazing.
What is she doing here?
They don't seem like your friends.
How fast can you run 100m?
- 15 seconds. Why do you ask? - Run.
- Ye Ri. - Ye Ri.
- Where are you going? - Ye Ri.
Ye Ri.
- Ye Ri. - Ye Ri.
Hey.
Ye Ri.
- Hey. - Ye Ri.
Hey, stop.
- Stop. - Ye Ri.
Hey.
Stop.
Ye Ri.
- Hey. - Where are you going?
Where are they?
Are you still not interested?
What?
Me. Do you still not have feelings for me or not?
If you don't, turn your head.
I found them.
That was close.
I will go first. You should run after I leave.
Hey...
- Ye Ri, stop. - Hey you.
Ye Ri.
- Hey. - Stop running away.
The person you're calling is unavailable right now. Please...
Why is she not answering?
I don't have any money on me.
Gosh. I'm so hungry.
Her lips. Her lips.
It feels so hot all of a sudden.
Wait.
Who were they?
Go and ask them.
Hello. We live here. Do you guys want to hang out with us?
What do you say? It looks so beautiful here, right?
- If you spend time with us, - Wait.
- it will be fun. - Why am I hiding?
My friend owns a big sushi restaurant over there.
We can have sushi there.
- Let's go. - No thank you.
- Why not? - No thank you.
- Please. - Go away.
We will entertain you guys.
The girls promised us that they will see us tomorrow.
How did you do it?
How did you change their minds?
Please tell us how you did it.
Stop. He's eating.
This is my restaurant. You can have anything you want.
You can order anything. Order something expensive.
How do you know Ye Ri?
I'm her boyfriend.
- Are you okay? - What do you mean?
You don't know it yet.
- I don't know if I should say it. - Just tell him.
(4 years ago in 2013)
(Han Ye Ri)
(A Student President, Grade 12, Noh Sang Deok)
Ye Ri, I like you.
Will you be my girlfriend?
I'm so jealous.
- I'm so jealous. - He's a man.
- Be his girlfriend. - Be his girlfriend.
Sang Deok.
What's wrong with your arm?
(Cursing)
Hey, Sang Deok.
Hey.
What's wrong?
Gosh.
Rumor has it that...
it was Ye Ri who broke his arm.
It was just a rumor at first.
- What is it? - Look.
Hey, look.
- What is it? - Gosh.
(It-boy in grade 11 class 5, Yoo Sang Won)
Since you came to this high school,
I liked you since then.
- Amazing. - I'm so jealous.
5 class of grade 11, Ye Ri.
- Ye Ri. - Ye Ri.
I like you.
He's so nice.
It's quite scary to be up here,
but I can take it because my feelings for you are greater.
- He's a man. - He's in love.
- I'm so jealous. - You're so lucky.
I like you.
- I'm so jealous. - He's so cute.
Who was it?
What are you looking at? Sit.
Take your shoe.
What are you looking at?
Gosh.
(Han Ye Ri)
How could you do that to me?
I liked you so much.
He talks too much.
They went hiking as soon as they started dating.
Sang Won broke his leg.
Don't you find it weird?
They could have gone to the beach. It's weird they went hiking.
People who dated her had accidents or something bad happened to them.
It happened all the time, so people started thinking she's the bad luck.
That's what everyone thought.
Then she left the school.
I'm not interested in dating guys.
It's not so easy...
for some people.
You were too scared to ask her out.
Such a coward.
You were so excited to see her earlier...
as it's been four years since you saw her.
Guys.
Why did you guys run after her?
We were just happy to see her.
Ye Ri is so good at running though.
Anyway, just take care of yourself.
Exercise hard like me.
Whatever.
Oh gosh.
Are you okay?
Oh no. I have to go back to Ye Ri.
Take your cellphone charger with you.
You don't know what will happen.
Are you okay?
Yes.
I heard everything from them.
What do you mean?
The reasons you don't want to date.
What did they tell you?
They said bad things happened to people you cared about.
It's like a jinx.
I won't get hurt for sure.
Will you be my girlfriend?
In 1, 2, 3.
Look.
Nothing happened.
Nothing will happen even if you start liking me.
I will break the jinx for you.
So...
you don't need to get scared to come into my heart.
I like you.
I like you, Ye Ri.
I can promise you.
I won't get hurt...
from liking you.
Someone said this.
"It's a miracle to like somebody."
It's a miracle...
to like somebody.
"It's right to like somebody..."
"with everything you have."
It's right to...
like somebody...
with everything you have.
I'm willing to do it...
because it's a miracle.
It's beautiful.
Let's go.
I'm so happy.
I'm really happy.
Nothing will happen even if you start liking me.
I will break the jinx for you.
So...
you don't need to get scared to come into my heart.
- Why don't you just tell him? - What?
I'm talking about this.
The evil side of you.
How? “There is a different side of me."
"Can you be careful in crowded places?"
Like this?
You are not taking this seriously.
You said you are sick of getting fired from your part-time jobs.
You also had to change your cram schools so many times.
There aren't any cram schools that you can go to now.
It will be better if you tell him about it before he finds out.
You will be able to stop yourself as well.
Don't you agree?
I'm so happy.
There's something I want to tell you.
- Sorry? - I have to tell you something.
I can't really hear you because of the wind.
There's something I need to tell you.
What are you saying?
Watch out!
- Are you okay? - Yes.
What?
What's wrong?
- Why is it not working? - What's going on?
The brake isn't working.
- What do we do? - Let's jump on the count of three.
What?
It's going to be okay. In 1, 2, 3!
Who are you?
You are the serial killer.
Right?
(Meloholic)
You like Eun Ho so much.
He's bleeding. Call an ambulance.
You care so much about this case.
She was my sister.
Someone removed the nut on purpose.
Why would someone do such thing?
Keep this on your neck all the time. It will protect you.
I hope time would stop.
How can I tell him about crazy side of me?
I can finally feel that we're dating.
We don't need to talk to communicate.
I wish the time could just stop...
so that I could look at you forever like this.